JOSS paper about Pooch (#116)
fatiando/pooch: README.rst

🚨 **Python 2.7 is no longer supported. Use Pooch <= 0.6.0 if you need 2.7 support.** 🚨

About
-----

*Does your Python package include sample datasets? Are you shipping them with the code?
Are they getting too big?*

Pooch is here to help! It will manage a data *registry* by downloading your data files
from a server only when needed and storing them locally in a data *cache* (a folder on
your computer).

Here are Pooch's main features:

* Pure Python and minimal dependencies.
* Download a file only if necessary (it's not in the data cache or needs to be updated).
* Verify download integrity through SHA256 hashes (also used to check if a file needs to
  be updated).

> * Designed to be extended: plug-in custom download (FTP, scp, etc) and post-processing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Designed to be extended: plug in custom download (FTP, scp, etc) and post-processing
```

  (unzip, decompress, rename) functions.
* Includes utilities to unzip/decompress the data upon download to save loading time.

> * Can handle basic HTTP authentication (for servers that require a log in) and printing

Reviewer: "login" is the noun form:
```suggestion
* Can handle basic HTTP authentication (for servers that require a login) and printing
```

  download progress bars.

> * Easily setup an environment variable to overwrite the data cache location.

Reviewer: "set up" is the verb form:
```suggestion
* Easily set up an environment variable to overwrite the data cache location.
```

Author: Thanks! I didn't know that.
